stream because I'm like so tired but I
just ran into this cool thing called the
twitch CLI I'm worried that it's gonna
be not as cool as GH
um
but yeah
anyways oh shh uh okay hold on
keys are plenty that's such a problem
well okay at least those are fake keys
okay whatever
um
what if I just did this I guess I guess
this is better than nothing instead of
just like you have to do window capture
and then I capture my
ooh Chrome
oh that's cool
all right so uh
yeah I ran into this thing but then I
can't
it would be cool to be able to do not
just show all windows except for
a certain window
but whatever
so so tired [__]
um it would be really cool too
have a Julia thing that generates one of
these too
whatever
um
okay then I think I asked Chad gbt
let me see if this code is right
just try to run this thing why not
foreign
oh wait [__]
oh [__]
I don't know what the hell this Kraken
thing is I'm actually really obsessed
with it
I don't think it's right
uh but okay fine
okay so the problem is
V3 is alive but V5 is
gone
Kraken is gone
that looks like it's
gonna return
oh
is that right and I don't even want to
bother to check which is so funny oh it
just showed the I didn't show the secret
though
so
that's fine
I guess I'll just delete this one and uh
whatever
okay then what's my first call
oh yeah
those get users
oh okay
how interesting
okay let's try to I want to use this
thing
cool
twitch configure Dash uh yes
nice
very easy good job guys good job so good
okay
this has been in uh this has been so
much better to use than uh
the actual Twitter oh that's the wrong
thing
cool
foreign
so that here in this thing they should
have the
it should again
the ideal login parameters required
unless questions the user I just took
what's an example
foreign
thank you
Dash Q
um oh I see okay
multiple can be given but I'm going to
do get users
ID equals this
I'm gonna get that thing
cool
so this is the command that we can just
run and that makes life pretty easy
view count pretty high
okay wait I need to go back to chat GPT
and get the real
code oh and it didn't okay
I'm gonna put these above
clerical waffle your client okay
another 401
it's still doing cracking wait what
you know that's the old one what's the
new one
still 401 I said oauth ticket token
yeah bro
there we go
but this isn't gonna run I think right
is it
all right let's try it
Miss
oh I was token is missing
how do they do it in Python
oh wait let's try it with the command
line
foreign
videos and then what did I say what was
it
a user ID
what was my user ID
slurple waffle
um
foreign
oh okay the user ID the ID and the game
ID are mutually exclusive that's what I
was thinking that makes way more sense
okay so I should be able to just user ID
wait let's try this
foreign
nice
this is so useful actually
I wonder how I could do that in Julia
maybe I could write in rest first I
gotta take a [__] guys see in a second
foreign
thank you
okay so what's next
this thing is almost done
yeah command line like it's such a good
idea you
write a rest like something that where
you write a rest API
specification
DPS are so cool just so Random okay
um
view count 854 views that's pretty cool
oh and it tells me my ID okay
user ID
login equals Circle okay cool
okay so will this just work
blog
guys blarg
oauth token is missing
just Google it
ah
it's not getting it
let's see do they pass it in the get
or they say bear they say bear
blog
it's not oauth it's bear so wait so what
about that let's try that
let's try the get request also this
website is horrible because you can't
even see
the gosh darn thing he is
okay
get videos
I'm assuming Bearer means is the same as
oh
auth is the same as axis token
and that is correct
and I just need to go to login
so something is done
I probably just misspelled some crazy
nonsense
um
user ID
okay so for that one for some reason you
have to buy the user ID
oh boy I got these already
oh wait I'm a dumbass
cool
so that worked well
maybe I should use Postman I don't know
but anyways what the hell
headers looks right though
invalid oauth token
oh wait oh wait
it's probably actually true that it's
just a bad ufoa token
nice cool
so lame you guys can't see this
okay
all right so I'm sure I'll try to get it
back to
okay
I knew where the referencing keys
this I'm just gonna move to uh
to do this
do this this
ID and the login I think are okay to
share
token type Bearer okay
um
foreign
kill everything
the great thing about using just the
normal
whatever
oh wait why am I so stupid
I always use every Json package
all right
I think I'm almost ready to start
sharing sharing the whole screen now
oh that's so cool they did the
pagination oh and it's flat no way
let's go
Okay cool so anyways let's just run the
code now because we did the thingy
only three vods
uh
three pages of odds
do that one more time
did I switch it to
I think yeah it is okay cool
it was because I update the URL cringe
bro
wait is that right
Okay so
nice all right fine
um
23.
is that right
or anything
what
what the [__]
this should just work dude I am so
absurd okay I'm just gonna ask chat you
if you didn't see in a minute
um
this is probably so old but maybe
yo if this works this will be high
stream ID equals one that's
that's cool
cool
what
that didn't work
foreign
oh really you can use if else
nice
beautiful that's actually so much better
um
did you give me a stream idea or ID
probably going to be the pen
um
it's an interesting
because I should do
that
so I'll be push
I mean whatever
this was the videos
I'm gonna get videos probably something
else
mm-hmm okay but
yeah maybe I could write the bot to
drive engagement because I never look at
chat
oh yeah I could do n-type you right okay
fine
getting through this week deleting
all right let's see if the readme had
usage
format and oh and in the term of for
ayoshi
huh that's pretty neat
that's pretty nifty pretty pretty
wait is this subtitles
wait what
I wonder if I could hang up
I wonder if I could handle
[Music]
um
uh I didn't show you how to use it from
within python plus okay fine
oh interesting
they have a
I think that that's a Time
it's a it's a time it's not it's a it's
entire it's an absolute
absolute time though
very nicely written code honestly
but uh
you give it a video what does that even
mean
all right we'll just try and see if this
thing works
I mean you think
pretty limited Man Okay
um
oh wait now I can just do this thing
is globally
blah blah blah
oh I was muted I'm such a freak bro why
am I such a freak also I bet the quality
has been absolutely horrible I'm gonna
change the bit oh wait no I guess
I just came back up but
oh it's just really unreliable I guess
I don't know well anyways
uh what are we doing here
it's really hard to manage these things
you gotta be really on top of it anyways
the crazy thing that we're going through
is like I try to download my twitch data
and it gives you all it does is export a
minute by minute thing like can you
can you imagine this is really how
that's implemented
I don't like that and wait does it does
the whole thing though right it does
Chatters okay cool I I don't get to see
what the chat messages are like what the
average number of characters they are I
can't do anything with this but anyways
so
is this a URL no it's not a URL how the
hell are you supposed to bulk download
these
which export stream data
yes you get the CSV
it's just so it's one of these things
where it's like the people they're
marketing to are it's like they just
assume that that the streamers and the
creators are not like tech savvy
um
was the only analytics you get
game and extension developers but not
creators
well I should probably try to do this
thing where
I want to connect to the IRC thing
this is the main thing that uh
that like
twitch Creator devs like the config so I
might as well figure out how to do this
and of course it's a goddamn node bot
geez
does it have to be or does it make a
call
there's no way I have to do it no that
that that's definitely not right what's
great Buzz can send and receive chat
messages
plus can send and receive chat for
example Buzz can provide simple
reminders like get up and move and hide
right yeah okay
you roll the four nice that's very
straightforward
channels is a list though what's TMI
tmi.js
Anonymous connection allows you to
connect to Twitch without having to
authenticate
okay
hilariously this isn't even by the
twitch people okay whatever
client don't connect I imagine that's
got to be an API or some [__]
basically I'm hoping okay if you
I have to make another account I have to
make a bot account for this
slurpy sippy butt okay
running we just called node.js
and okay
I bet someone's done actually a touch
bot
thank you
thank you bro
so how does it work
and what packages did you use
okay that makes sense
bro the streamers of the World Unite I
should link my stream on Twitter
at
frontable
ah bro cringe okay fine so IRC that's
right sockets sockets a uh okay that's
pretty cool
socket stock connect socket host port
send Line pass Nick I don't know what
any of that means
you passed the token what is Nick
um
I don't think that was what
if anyone wants to tell me I don't know
okay
did you ever read me how to use it add
your
bot function
this sourced up bot like below
bruh but how do you run it
do you run Julia but
main okay config.json
please config.jl
see yeah I guess his she had a Json file
with all of his
death
okay this is the IRC [__]
data
host Port user prefix Channel token
I don't have all that
I have what is host
Adventure I should start see where the
list this guy did anything in a minute
example config
prefix owner Channel nickname
file name with oauth okay that's quite
descriptive okay
I'm down for you bro
nickname
the thing is I need
can I post on behalf of myself
like why not right Rebel
bro but
okay
where's his Markov bro what the mcmc
huh what that's actually hilarious
yeah this guy's doing Monte Carlo Markov
chain Monte Carlo in a twitch bot that's
actually so funny
it would be pretty nuts if people like
um you could never do a eval parse that
would be that would be better scatty a
very scary thing indeed
I didn't really know you could do a type
of cert like that can you do that
foreign
yeah I guess you could
I never see that
let's go
maybe I should okay let's try it with uh
I'm gonna try it with the node thing
just to get familiar with some of this
[__] twitch's deprecated slash
commands
oh no
npm I
okay
cool
make dirt dice
no I'm gonna
um
okay
okay we start a project
and I guess
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah oh my God
what a joke okay
bot.js
butt.js okay fine
you must replace the uh
um
how do you include a file
include file no uh JavaScript
is just include
what the [__]
okay I'm just going to turn off the cam
for while I put that [__] in and run it
and see what happens
but username
so what happens if I just try to give it
my own because channel name a slurp
waffle
username slip waffle
now we give it the key
and then what do I do I just say node as
a node
listen I just say uh
after registering the bot use one of the
following options to get an access token
if you're not familiar with the CLI you
should give it a try they're absolutely
right
scope equals chat
and percent three read plus chat edit
okay
gosh okay
twitch token Dash U dash s user read
email
user read
I need edit
so I need
chat read plus edit
let's try it twitch token Dash U dash s
uh chat read
dash s again
chat edit
authorize
feel free to close this browser window
thanks guys
refresh token all right so now I got a
new user access token
so let's put that in there
let's put that in there
okay now I now that I have the thingy
I should write that down
did this twitch CLI is like the best
thing ever
it's insane it's so underrated okay
redemptions read Subs
okay so now my token
and then okay and then in a terminal
window I just do bot.js
data node.js
login unsuccessful
hmm
am I still yeah okay so I'm still uh
does it need to be a like a new account
why would it have to be
passing Nick messages
after connecting distribute the first
message that all Bots Miss Center pack
passing Nick
so presumably that's what this TMI that
client thing does
cool
then
you send a join message
IRC is kind of cool
when did this come out
Internet relay chat protocol
it's funny
and see if there's an IRC Julia
thank you
pretty simple
to write a client in the
so many lines of code
foreign
I don't really know
I mean it keeps saying buy username so
does that mean that
replace bot username with your Twitch
accounts login username no so it seems
right
this strings format is oauth colon token
oh let's try that one more time
that didn't work
the prince connected well Prince long
and unsuccessful so
good
so which apis require access tokens to
access resources depending on the
research you're actually in your user
access system or an app access token the
api's reference content identifies the
type of access token you'll need
a user access token lets you access a
user's sense of data with their
permission in an app let's see it's just
their nonsensitive data
uh
okay
foreign
client ID Force verify
so it's a true diverse the re-authorized
okay
response type it was token
it's just gonna redirect me
this blows meant for apps he's a server
and can store
okay
I am the user
oh wait did it do that
there's my terminal app
Scopes oh it didn't have
how do you delimit them
oh you just do that in a big okay you
just do the spaces
okay so I got a new token
and this one has both of my Scopes so
the login should no longer be
unsuccessful
so let's try it one more time because I
saw something that was wrong
oh let's [__] go oh hell yes
hell yes so now I'm gonna now I'm gonna
go to my twitch
oh it's gonna no it's gonna Echo guys no
okay
then I do dice
and this should just work right
yo what the [__] is going on
let's see
connecting to chat okay so I did this I
rolled a six that's high
okay cool
interesting
huh
foreign
so now what I want to do though is I
want to let me close this
well that's crazy though because someone
could just Spam this thing
so really like
you gotta design this a little bit more
carefully than just
whatever
um
all right well that's really cool though
so that works
um
I don't know what all they hit they hit
a lot of the logic for me
but these are this TMI the client thing
all right whatever
yeah you're able to config which is just
okay
this RFC thing is kind of cool
all right we can turn back on the screen
now
so we got this thing let's go
dollar dice
all right well
that was fun
I can't believe I messed up the uh the
thingy
well Irish is really interesting
wait what did it return I actually want
to check that again
what did it say
let's do it again
oh but it returns as B oh yeah because
it's me so you guys can make me roll
dice interesting
all right
so it's me though
this is gonna say that I have a bunch of
uh mess chatting
all right uh that's pretty neat
all right so we built a basic twitch but
turns out IRC is kind of cool I love
that this guy decided to do [__] mcmc
in his
okay
all right well I'm probably gonna
call it uh
the weird thing
is that
the only way I saw how to export the
csvs of my stream data is to literally
go one by one
and just like do it and that's obviously
ridiculous and it goes away so you
actually lose the statistics so
there's really no deep dive Analytics
I find that really shocking
anyways the CLI
this twitch CLI is actually really
amazing and
changing the way I think a lot
right right exactly because by making it
um
render an HTML table that's actually
really stupid
well we want
we're gonna make a
we're gonna have the free to P API
generate a command line script
let's
what the [__] is going on here
that read me is literally
assault of assaulting
painful
we gotta go to the blame who the [__]
keeps adding goddamn badges
this is disgusting
user experience
this is the man adding benches to your
repos
uh nice
nice holy [__] that's so many badges
you guys are freaks
oh oh Jesus Christ
and of course it just has like a
like a thousand files like what are all
those files
let's see if this is possible this would
be really cool to try this out
wait why don't I
why don't I try this this would be
really cool actually
that looks wrong
path query header cookie formed it okay
oh okay all right fine
foreign
is this real
let me download this wire file for uh
what the [__]
inquiry name offset yeah type integer
okay
so oxygen is pretty great but uh
I think I'm gonna go to bed all right
it's pretty cool we got the twitch bot
working which is kind of sick
uh next we'll get it working in Julia
and we'll have it like
someone says Lorenz it'll just like
simulate the Lorenz system and crazy
[__] like that
second
okay peace